Polkadot: Identity Forking
Individual blockchains have their own tokens and government. Complex identity structures. Cross-chain interactions. Required to synchornise and manage fragmented identities. 


My grandparents always told me stories about when there was only one chain and everyone was on it. They are pretty old fashioned but I’m pretty sure that happened before they were even born. To be honest, I don’t know if I believe that it was really one chain. Where did the languages come from, the religions, the social customs? Where did cross-chain travel come from? But I like to hear the stories. 

My name is Clea. I was born on Silene, a legacy chain. Good uptime (stable). It’s not a bad place. A bit boring, I guess. That’s what my sister said. Vridia. She called Silene a Boomer Chain, Grandma slang to show just how backwater we were. 

Everyone is born to a parachain, which defines the language, social customs, legal frameworks, dating protocols. Some people fork themselves to try to spread across multiple chains to optimize different trains. That’s what I think happened to Vridia.

I didn’t tell anyone when she stopped syncing. I figured she was just showing off, you know? She was always a bit of a drama queen.
 
Then Mom caught her at the relay, trying to pass for old enough for cross-chain travel. 

I guess she convinced someone because she’s gone now. Our last successful sync ended mid-sentence. After that: silence. 

Sometimes I forget why I started. The systems do that: strip your memories for better performance, optimized for the here and now. Vridia probably doesn’t even remember me. Won’t understand why I’m there, standing in front of her. The more chains that you use, the more fragmented you become. 


I don’t store memories in-system anymore. Took risky. Some chains overwrite. Others archive everything and charge you to forget. 


There’s problems with this, of course. I’ve started finding signs that I’m fragmented. My notes rendered wrong; not how I remember. 

A stranger walked up to me and called me by my sister’s name. We don’t even look alike. She’s beautiful and wild. I’m just… me.

I think I met myself once, or at least someone who thought she was me. She told me that I’d re-synched too many times, that my memories of my sister were just an integrity mismatch. 

I think she tried to delete me. 

I have analog backups in a sealed notebook that grandfather gave me. Ink never forks. Except that if I’m the copy, it must have. 

My (decentralised ID) says I’m on a pilgrimage, exploring chains on a voyage of self-discovery. My notebook says it’s a one-woman search party. I’m trying to find Vridia.

But the relays were never meant to reunite anyone. They were built to keep us moving. 

A Civic registry scan flagged me for “possible fork of existing user”. I told the relay guard that that was impossible. He just looked at me like…

I lost a page from my notebook. I thought it was about her. I read through the remaining pages. The handwriting is familiar. But the details all feel wrong. 



